📝 Document `getInternalContext` API (#1642)
DataDog/browser-sdk: packages/logs/README.md

**Note**: The `window.DD_LOGS` check is used to prevent issues if a loading failure occurs with the SDK.

### Access internal context

> After the Datadog browser logs SDK is initialized, you can access the internal context of the SDK. This will allow you to access the `session_id`.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** ‏avoid temporal words, cf https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
```suggestion
After the Datadog browser logs SDK is initialized, you can access the internal context of the SDK. This allows you to access the `session_id`.
```

```
getInternalContext (startTime?: 'number' | undefined)
```

> You can optionally use `startTime` parameter to get the context of a specific time. If not return the current context is parameter is omitted.

Reviewer: <!-- Suggestions are specific requests to improve the subject under review. It is assumed that we all want to do what's best, so these comments are never dismissed as “mere suggestions”, but are taken seriously.  -->
**💬 suggestion:** ‏phrasing
```suggestion
You can optionally use `startTime` parameter to get the context of a specific time. If the parameter is omitted, the current context is returned.
```

> #### CDN async

Reviewer: <!-- Thoughts represent an idea that popped up from reviewing. These comments are non-blocking by nature, but they are extremely valuable and can lead to more focused initiatives and mentoring opportunities.  -->
**💭 thought:** ‏to be consistent with other sections, we should also have a paragraph for npm setup

**Note**: The `window.DD_LOGS` check is used to prevent issues if a loading failure occurs with the SDK.

### Access internal context

After the Datadog browser logs SDK is initialized, you can access the internal context of the SDK. This allows you to access the `session_id`.

```
getInternalContext (startTime?: 'number' | undefined)
```

You can optionally use `startTime` parameter to get the context of a specific time. If the parameter is omitted, the current context is returned.

##### NPM

For NPM, use:

```javascript
import { datadogLogs } from '@datadog/browser-logs'

datadogLogs.getInternalContext() // { session_id: "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx" }
```

#### CDN async

For CDN async, use:

```javascript
DD_LOGS.onReady(function () {
  DD_LOGS.getInternalContext() // { session_id: "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx" }
})
```

##### CDN sync

For CDN sync, use:

```javascript

> DD_LOGS.getInternalContext() // { session_id: "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx" }

Reviewer 2: <!-- Warning represent user-facing problems. If possible, it's great to follow this kind of comment with a suggestion.  -->
**🔨 warning:** ‏CDN sync should be `window.DD_LOGS && window.DD_LOGS.toto` (same for RUM)

Author: ```suggestion
window.DD_LOGS && window.DD_LOGS.getInternalContext() // { session_id: "xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx" }
```
